To download Tableau Desktop,
please click the link in the classroom page.
You'll arrive on a page like this,
where you will enter in your email and then click download free trial.
It will take a few minutes to download and we'll wait on that real quick.
Once it has completed downloading, we open the file,
accept the terms, and now we're going to wait
for it to install all the files.
Once it has finished installing,
it should boot up automatically.
You'll need to fill out this information,
you see that all of these fields are required.
Add that information you're good to go.
Once you run out of the 14-day free trial you'll be
able to enter in the license key that we provided you via email.
If you do not receive a license key,
7-14 days after signing up for the course,
please email in to
bizanalyst-support@udacity.com and we will get that license emailed out to you. Thank you